My dearest Mamo,
It's time for our
annual Fall sports
meet! Curveballs,
forkballs, and
fastballs, oh my!
I'm gonna do my
best!
Or, that was the plan
anyway... Some Three
Lights fans started
picking on me, so
Seiya's making me
train super hard! I
can't take it!
I'm not even good
at sports!
Do you know what
you're entering for
the sports meet, Usagi?
Hmmm...
I've never been
good at sports, so I
haven't decided yet.
You're going for
volleyball, right,
Minako?
Of course! And I know
Taiki is, too!
Uhh-
I'll start the
match with my set of
love... and Taiki
will do his spike of
love... and then, well--
[exhaling]
Gimme a break...
Come on, just let her
dream, Usagi.
So which event did
you sign up for?
Mm!
Uh, I chose
basketball, but not
'cause Yaten was
entering or
anything.
Sounds like you're
planning to score a
slam dunk.
You guys better hope
Ami doesn't find out.
That you signed up
just for the boys?
[panicking]
Hey, Ami!
So? What did you
pick?
Uh- I'm still
undecided!
She's playing
softball with me!
[grunting]
Excuse me?!
I already went and
told our Homeroom
Teacher.
W-Wait a sec!
Oh-ho?
You must be so
excited.
Knock it off!
You probably
couldn't decide
what to do anyway.
But I'm not even good
at softball!
Then I'll just have
to train you.
Wait, train me?!
Ha! Celebrities sure
have lots of free
time...
You should be grateful.
I'm using my precious
time just for you.
Oh okay, how
generous of you!
What makes them so
special that they get
to hang out with Seiya?!
Not fair!
Don't worry, girls.
Huh?
Sonoko!
I have a plan to get
rid of them. Just
leave this to me.
The Shining Power of
a Star: Chibi-Chibi's
Transformation!
So... I heard you got
stuck playing
softball with Seiya.
Can you believe it? I
told him I'm not
good.
Well, you should have
turned him down, then!
You already have
Mamoru, remember?
What does Mamo have to
do with any of this?
You don't even know
how lucky you are, do
you?!
Uh, Rei? Don't
bother.
Usagi just doesn't
understand Seiya's
star power like
the rest of us.
How rude!
Hey!
Hm?
Let's get started!
Okay, okay.
[sighing]
Why's he so serious
about this? It's
only a game.
Guess he's aiming
for first place.
I'm sure that's
the intention.
Huh?
It's Yaten and
Taiki!
Hi.
Seiya hates
losing. A lot.
Well, that's too
bad because I doubt
they're gonna win.
Why's that?
Oh, I think you'll
find out soon
enough.
Hey, Bun-head! You
ready?
Yeah!
You're mine!
Oh!
Uh!
Ahhhhhh--
[yelling]
Seriously?
[groaning]
She's worse than I
thought.
[laughing]
Yeah, she's
awful!
Are you all right?!
Yeah, I'm--uh--
not okay at all.
You've played
softball before,
haven't you?
I have, but I
forgot how.
You're kidding me.
[laughing]
Huh?
You're really
teaming up with Seiya
while having that
level of skill?
That's the funniest
thing I've ever heard.
That red Love Love
Three Lights
banner!
There's no mistake!
That's Sonoko
Ijyuin from third
year class two.
She's the captain
of the softball team
and leader of the
Three Light Support
Community. Not to
mention she's
number one in the fan
club!
Wait, seriously?!
[admiring]
[laughing and struggling]
Sorry, girls. I'm a
little tied up now.
While we realize
we're overstepping
our boundaries...
We've reached the
limit of our
patience...
... of seeing you date
that annoying girl!
What?!
We're not dating!
I already have a
boyfriend who's way
better than Seiya!
Way better than
Seiya?
[yelling]
[grunting]
What was that for?
It's not a good
idea to provoke
them.
They're scary when
they're angry.
[grunting]
For the record...
If Seiya had a proper
girlfriend, we'd
gladly show support,
however...
Instead, he likes
that doofus.
What did you just
say?!
[grunting]
How could we convince
you?
What would you say to
resolving this issue
with a softball match?
Go on...
If we beat you in the
upcoming sports meet,
I want you to cut off
all ties with that girl.
And what happens if
we win?
If you win, then
we'll give you two
our full blessing.
Sounds fair. We
accept. Bring it!
Don't decide
for me!
I believe we have a
deal then.
I look forward to the
day we settle this
matter. [laughing]
Are you even
listening?!
Huh?
Why are we doing
this? We're not
dating!
Usagi!
Hey!
This is your chance!
Hm?!
Even if you give
this your all...
... there's no way
you can win.
Gee, thanks.
Meaning, you can
finally get rid of
Seiya.
And we'll gladly
take him off your
hands when you do.
Listen here...
Bun-head!
What?!
We'll be fine. All we
gotta do is show them
the power of
our love!
Show 'em what?
Now, what do you say
we get back to
training?
Yeah!
Yeah.
Sailor Aluminum
Siren. Have you
been able to find
a true Star Seed yet?
No...
Uh!
No?
Master Galaxia!
She's doing her
best--
Was I speaking to
you?
Please, forgive me!
I despise
incompetence. Do you
understand?
Yes. I'll do my
best, Master Galaxia.
[grunting]
What's wrong? On
your feet!
Chibi-Chibi!
But I'm
too tired.
Doesn't it make your
blood boil?!
Doesn't it?!
You're gonna let
her call you a stupid
girl who's not good
enough for me?
Chibi?
She didn't call me
stupid...
Are you gonna let her
break us up?!
We are not dating,
okay?!
Looks like you've
got enough energy
to keep going!
Hey, wait a minute,
that's no fair!
Heads up!
[screaming]
Good work, bun head.
Thank you, Seiya!
Thank you!
So, how was it?
Way too intense for a
girl like me.
[gasping]
How pretty!
Did you know? Every
living being that
exists in this
universe carries a
shining star within
them.
A shining star?
It's a saying from a
far-off place.
We all have one. That
includes you and me.
Chibi-Chibi?
Yeah, you too kiddo.
[giggling]
The stronger
someone's spark is,
the brighter they shine.
I've noticed yours
is especially bright.
Your bad pickup lines
aren't gonna work
on me!
No, I'm being
serious.
Serious about
seducing me?
Stop joking!
Listen. I don't
wanna see that spark
in you fade away.
That's the main
reason I want us to
win.
Yeah, but...
Sonoko's the
softball team
captain. She's
better than I'll
ever be. I can tell
just by looking at her.
Sorry, but it's
hopeless.
You can't give up!
But...
If you give up,
then you've
already lost.
Yeah, you lose!
It seems like the
little one gets what
I mean.
By the way, I...
don't give up so
easily.
Don't give up
easily, huh?
I actually like the
sound that. Thanks,
Seiya.
The last match of the
Juban High School
Sports Meet softball
event is underway!
Hey! What are you
doing?!
Advancing to the
finals are...
...our very own first
year, class one and
third year, class two,
led by Sonoko
Ijyuin!
Which of our two
teams will the
goddess of victory
smile down upon?
Speaking of
goddesses, I'm
your commentator,
Minako Aino. Joining
me here is...
The lovely Rei Hino!
What the...?
Are you sure there's
really a person with
a true Star Seed
inside this place?
There's someone
nearby with a passion
for sports.
She's a softball
star.
Well, if you
say so.
[grunting]
Listen.
Can you not eat while
I'm talking to you?!
Did you want one?
Oh, come on!
Do you understand the
position you're in, Aya?!
If you don't
produce results--
Don't worry
about me.
Things'll work out
just fine.
[grunting]
I don't even know
why I bother.
Anyway, leave the
Star Seed to me this
time. I'll make
sure things gets
done. You just eat
your potato chips.
Right field!
[struggling]
Uh-oh! Tsukino has
fumbled yet again!
It doesn't look
like all that training
did very much...
Don't worry, okay?
I'm sorry.
Seiya takes out yet
another batter to
close out the inning!
It's still
anyone's game, folks.
But Ijyuin is making
some great pitches of
her own. No one can
touch the ball!
Who's gonna come
out on top?!
(thinking)
We're gonna win this!
Neither side's
letting up. We're in
the final inning with
zero to zero. Huh?
It just started
raining out of
nowhere!
Looks like we have a
rain delay.
[chatting]
I'm sorry, Seiya.
Why?
You practiced with me
to help me get better,
but I'm
still bad.
Don't worry
about it.
[groaning]
Cheer up, Usagi!
Hm?
You don't wanna lose,
right?
Then all you
have to do is
your best.
That's right!
I agree. Hang in
there.
We won't let you
date Seiya,
but we will root
for you to win.
You guys.
Chibi-Chibi!
Are you cheering me
on now, too?
No, pee-pee.
Oh, gotta go
potty!
[grunting]
Bun-head.
Hm?
Let's win this.
Yeah!
[giggling]
Can you go
on your own?
Uh-huh!
I wonder if the
rain'll stop.
It will.
Huh?
Sonoko!
I'll be up to bat in the
final inning when the
game resumes.
I already know where
Seiya will pitch the
ball. So get ready
because I'm hitting
it towards you.
I'm still gonna
try, though.
Uh-
Even though Seiya
helped me practice,
I'm no better at
softball than I was
before... And I'm
pretty sure you like
him way more than I
do. He's just a
friend to me.
But still, I don't
want to lose this
match!
Seiya spent time
helping me get
better...
So I'm doing it for
him and for myself.
Chibi-Chibi.
Uh!
Are you done?
Chibi!
Tsukino.
Yeah?
You know, I was
wrong about you. Good
luck out there.
Thanks!
So are you ready to
head back?
Head back!
Well, see ya out
there!
So she wants to win.
She does have a spark
to her, it seems.
Not as bright as
yours.
Who are you?!
[chuckling]
[screaming]
That's Sonoko!
Chibi-chibi. You stay
here!
Huh?
This is awful... The
downpour soaked my
precious suit.
Moon Eternal Make Up!
Huh?
(thinking)
That light...
Could it be...
a true Star Seed?!
Damn. Wrong again.
This won't go over
well.
Hold it right there!
Huh?
How dare you attack
Sonoko, the Pink
South Paw, when she
hasn't finished her
match! It's
unforgivable!
I am the Pretty
Guardian!
Who fights for
love and for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of
the Moon, I'll punish
you!
You again?! Why don't
you just mind your
own business for once?
Sailor Leaguer, take
care of her!
Wait!
Sailor Leaguer!
Sonoko!
[screaming]
Sailor Moon! I
challenge you!
Can't we do this on
the field?
Enough talk! Head's
up!
[screaming]
Beanballs are
illegal!
[groaning]
Now's my chance!
[grunting]
I'll admit I never
expected someone like
you to possess a true
Star Seed.
No wonder we couldn't
find one.
But now that we have,
I'll be taking your
star light!
[gasping]
[struggling]
It's no use, so
just give up and hand
over your Star Seed!
[struggling]
(thinking)
I need my tiare!
[panting]
No, don't!
Where do you think
you're going,
little lady?
Chibi-Chibi!
Don't hurt her!
Get over here!
Chibi!
No!
[gasping]
[cooing]
Ooh!
What's this
light?!
(thinking)
What's this
sensation?!
(thinking)
It feels so...
...warm.
(thinking)
Almost like a...
It's the birth of a
new star...!
This energy...
The princess?
(thinking)
The light that could
change my fate?
To think, it was
hiding away on this
remote planet all
this time!
It's so warm...
[gasping]
Chibi-Chibi...
you're a--
Sailor Guardian,
too?
Chibi.
Uh-
(thinking)
Her energy feels
so warm.
And it's giving
me new powers.
Tell me,
Chibi-Chibi,
who are you?
Uh!
[gasping]
Giving me that scary
look... changes
nothing.
Alright, Miss Sailor
Leaguer! Neutralize
them!
Sure, coach!
They're mine!
Chibi-Chibi!
You got it!
Silver Moon...
...Crystal Power
Kiss!
[screaming]
Beautiful!
You're good, I'll
admit.
[grunting]
Guess it's time...
for me to get
serious!
Hold it right there!
Sailor Star Lights!
It seems that we have
even more uninvited
guests...
Let's finish this!
I'll have to take a
rain check. See you
next time.
Farewell!
What in the world
happened here?
Uh--
Honestly? I'm not
really sure myself.
[groaning]
[giggling]
Not sure! Not sure!
The stalemate has
finally been broken!
Seiya from our
first-year class
managed to hit a
homerun!
However!
The other team has
runners on second and
third. One hit could
turn the tide!
Uh-oh. Look who's
up to bat!
(thinking)
This is it...
Seiya.
Tsukino!
[grunting]
[yelling]
She hit it! The ball
is heading straight
to right field!
Usagi!
÷[
This is it! I'll
catch it! I have to!
Bun-head! You got it!
[yelling]
Reach!
[grunting]
Hm?
I caught it!
[cheering]
Yeah!
What a play! First
year, Class one wins
thanks to Usagi Tsukino!
She did it!
And so, we ended up
winning the sports
event, Mamo. Pretty
amazing, huh?
Aren't you proud?
P. S. You don't need
to worry about me,
'cause I'm doing
just fine.
A movie screening?!
We're renting out
a plane for our fan
club members to watch
a movie starring us.
I wanna go too!
Sorry, Bun-head.
You're not a member,
so you can't.
But I wanna go!
Well, maybe I can
prepare a special
room, just for the
two of us.
Ugh- No thank you!
Next time on Sailor
Stars: Invitation to
Terror:
Usagi's Night Flight.
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.